I am hyped about this basically for the
speed of ranking on Google for your
brand. When people search your brand,
you want good things to show up on
Google about your brand. And this is
what you do. By the way, I got to I got
to credit Jesper Nissan for this who
made a video about this video is called
I ranked number one in five hours with
AI parasite SEO. And I'm trying it right
now. Literally, I I did a bunch of these
things right before recording this and
I'm really hyped. This is what it is.
All right. So, literally, you just copy
your entire landing page. Hopefully, you
have a lot of reviews and testimonials
on your landing page. Just copy
everything on your landing page, all
your marketing material about your
product and as many testimonials, as
many reviews as you can get. Copy it
all. Paste it into Claude. Then give
Claude a prompt like, "This is the
homepage of my product. I want you to
write a thorough article about why my
product is great, why it is proven, why
it is trustworthy, why it's reputable,
why it's why it's the best, whatever
category you're in, and something like
that. You say prompt like that. Claude
will make what is called an artifact.
Basically, an artifact, it's a
standalone piece of content. It could be
code that claude will go back and edit
and change when you when you say change
this, change this and and individual
parts of it get changed rather than the
whole thing being regenerated. It's an
easy way to describe it. But you can
also publish your art artifacts. When
you have an artifact made, there is a
big publish button for the artifact.
When you click publish, this is what it
says. It says, "Publishing this artifact
will make it accessible to anyone on the
internet and potentially visible in
search engine results. Your chat will
remain private." Claude has a 66 out of
100 domain authority and these artifacts
do not live on unique subdomains which
have weaker SEO compared to the root
domain. A subdomain is
app.youebsite.com.
The strongest SEO comes from subfolders.
And the URL for these it's claude.ai
slpublic
slartifacts and then a unique path a
unique identifier. So what is actually
happening with these published artifacts
is they are ranking on Google for the
brand names. When you have Claude write
a thorough article about your brand with
all the the good things about it that
you gave it. Claude will write a really,
really good article about why your brand
is great, why it's reputable, why it's
trustworthy, why it gets results, and
these artifacts will show up really,
really, really fast. This guy, Jesper,
said in 5 hours, and there's this top
comment in this YouTube video, the title
isn't clickbait. It's not a meme. It's
not exaggerated. I was able to do the
same thing by following the info in this
video. I tried with a local SEO site and
with very little effort have pushed
competitors off of page one and replaced
them with my claude articles. Are you
hearing this? This is crazy. It's nice
getting info on something like this
early when it is still super effective.
So, shout out Jasper for sharing this.
This is crazy. And apparently this is
also working for low volume
non-competitive keywords as well. And
there's a lot of those. You know, here's
here's a really solid strategy for this.
Let's say you're doing bottom offunnel
SEO. The best way to do bottomunnel SEO
is to actually make standalone pages on
your site. That's the best way to do it.
But in order to do that, it's going to
take a day or two. Still way better than
the normal week plus that it takes to
make a long top offunnel article. That's
it's still well it's still way better
like if you're doing the skyscraper
technique but you know what if you just
want a placeholder as you make the
bottom of funnel content what you do is
you have your keyword you say to Claude
this is my target keyword and then you
say this is my brand you give it all the
the marketing materials for your brand
the testimonials the reviews the
homepage copy literally just copy all it
is okay if you copy the navigation and
the footer paste everything say to cloud
this this is my bottom ofunnel keyword.
Write a thorough landing page for why my
brand is the best solution for this
bottom offunnel keyword. And then
Claude's going to write it's going to
write that artifact. Read it over or
not. It's up to you. I mean Claude's
going to have all of your marketing
materials. It's going to do something
great. And then you click publish. And
now this is up there on Google while
you're making the actual page for this.
The thing is it takes under five minutes
to do this and for local especially
because local is so for a lot of for a
lot of niches local can be very very
non-competitive. It can be very very
easy. In fact, I talked uh on a
different episode of this show about how
great Reddit parasite SEO was for local
because you go to these local subreddits
and the mods are asleep or the rules are
really lax. you're able to to link to
things in your post or in your comment
on the these local subreddits where on
bigger subreddits that's not that's not
allowed. On bigger subreddits that's not
allowed or the mods are really sharp.
They prevent parasite SEO. But with
local subreddits doing parasite SEO for
a local business. Super super super
easy. Also really really common. That
episode is called if you want to listen
to it. It's a good one. It's called
Local Subreddits Are Open for Parasite
SEO. And that's episode 642 of this
podcast. So, it's the same thing with
these artifacts. The keywords are
non-competitive. Really, really easy.
It's so fast to actually do this to to
to just copy and paste all the marketing
materials into Claude. In fact, what you
should do is you should just have them
all in a document to make it really easy
for yourself. Testimonials, reviews, all
of this stuff. And then to to prompt
Claude and have what what you want made.
It's so easy to do this under takes
under 5 seconds. Honestly, it's so easy.
You kind of can't afford not to do this.
You also may have to share your artifact
with some people and get them to click
on it because clicks help URLs get
indexed by Google. I'm just shocked at
how well this seems to be working for
people. I'm really excited for my own
experiments and I'm going to share them
on this podcast. I did it under an hour
ago, so I guess I have four more hours
to wait. But I got so hyped about this
that that's what I wanted to share with
you on this episode of the show. This is
episode 788 of my daily digital
marketing podcast. 788 days in a row.
You know, I'm just constantly hearing
new and interesting things about SEO.
And that's why I have this show because
I get to share SEO, digital marketing,
social media marketing, a lot of SEO.
and I hear these things and I was just
like, "Wa, this is crazy. I can't I
can't wait to share this." So, shout out
Jesper. Jesper's video is going to be in
the description for this episode. And
that's all that I got for you on this
episode of the show. If you're spending
years doing search engine optimization
and want to jumpstart the best form of
SEO, the form of SEO that actually gets
results, not the skyscraper technique
that is made for cold searchers who
don't want to convert, who don't want to
take action on your brand. If you want
the form of SEO that is faster, cheaper,
easier, more straightforward, and
directly targets people looking to take
action with your brand, that is my
method, compact keywords. You can get
that at compactkeywords.com.
Thank you so much for watching. Thank
you so much for listening. I will talk
to you again tomorrow. Bye now.